{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset204 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset204 Arial;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset204 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset204 Mangal;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4110}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
In this window you can install the necessary mod components on your game(s). First select which game you are installing to in the left panel, then type in the path or use the Browse button to find its location; this must be the folder containing fsgame.ltx. Pressing the Install button will install the mod to the specified directory; you may do this for as many games as you like. The STALK-IRC scripts will be automatically merged into any mod you already have installed. Pressing Back will return you to the Client window. }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
On installation, backups of the two edited scripts will be created in gamedata\\scripts. If the automatic patching fails for any reason or you simply wish to uninstall the mod, delete bind_stalker.script (bind_actor for Lost Alpha) and ui_main_menu.script and rename the .bak files.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Some mods repackage their gamedata into .db files (STALKERSOUP, for instance); if this is the case, you must first extract bind_stalker.script and ui_main_menu.script before installing STALK-IRC so that they can be edited. This is not required for vanilla .dbs. I recommend STALKER Extractor to easily retrieve specific files.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sb0\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://www.moddb.com/games/stalker/downloads/stalker-extractor}
\par }